TreeItem: Support Cmd + Enter callback prop (#1556)
looker-open-source/components: www/src/documentation/components/content/tree.mdx

Use the `selected` prop to display a light grey background on a given `TreeItem`.

Use the `onClick` prop to trigger a callback on click or when pressing the "Enter" key on a focused `TreeItem`.

> Use the `onMetaEnter` prop to trigger a callback when pressing the "Enter" key while holding the meta key down (i.e. "Command" key or "Windows" key) on a focused `TreeItem`. If `onMetaEnter` receives a callback, then the `onClick` callback will not be triggered when pressing the "Enter" key plus the meta key.

Reviewer: It's kind of awkward logic to explain in writing lol, so here's a couple of possible edits to make it read a little more smoothly:

```suggestion
Use the `onMetaEnter` prop to trigger a callback when pressing the "Enter" key in combination with the meta key (i.e. "Command" or "Windows" key) on a focused `TreeItem`. If no `onMetaEnter` handler is specified, then it will fall back to the `onClick` handler by default.
```

Author: Yeah definitely not my finest sentence ever written haha. Thanks for the suggestion, much cleaner than the original.

Also removed the fallback behavior note since that's been removed (i.e. hitting `cmd+enter` will only ever trigger `onMetaEnter` or a noop).

Resolved in 352b24e
